This isn’t mine… probably.
It was at noon,
when I went to the hospital to pick up a medical report,
and I must’ve accidentally swapped it with someone else’s.
Jin Lingling.
It’s him.
The biggest mafia force in Italy.
The head of the Cavilla family,
and the underworld godfather
who makes the entire Nanhe tremble,
Hou Jiuling.
I’ve been hiding in Florence for two years,
and I still can’t escape him?
Jin Lingling,
these past two years, I’ve been chasing enemies all over the world,
but I never imagined
you’d be hiding
right under my nose.
Jin Lingling!
Hou Jiuling, let me go!
Do you know what these two years
of searching for you have been like for me?
Hou Jiuling, let me go!
What are you afraid of?
It’s not the first time you’ve left with me.
Jin Lingling, you know
when I want to do something to you,
you can’t escape.
Hou Jiuling, I’m already…
If you don’t want to die with me,
then let me go.
Even though the name was torn off,
can you still remember me?
Jin Lingling, is this the life
you so desperately left me to live?
Living in this rundown house,
and even raising a kid?
These two years you’ve been gone,
I haven’t touched
another woman once.
Tell me,
in these two years since you left me,
how many women have you been with
to catch a disease like this?
Let me go!
Where are you taking me?
You’ll know when we get there.
Let’s go!
Jin Lingling, I’m not letting you off.
If you’ve got a kid,
then I’ll die with you.